Add Kubeflow 1.9 release roadmap (#7461)
kubeflow/kubeflow: ROADMAP.md

# Kubeflow Roadmap

## Kubeflow 1.9 Release, Planned fro release: Jul 2024

> The Kubeflow Community plans to deliver its v1.8 release in Jul 2023 per this [timeline](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/releases/release-1.9/README.md#timeline). The high level deliverables are tracked in the [v1.9 Release](https://github.com/orgs/kubeflow/projects/61) Github project board. The v1.9 release process will be managed by the v1.9 [release team](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/releases/release-1.9/release-team.md) using the best practices in the [Release Handbook](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/releases/handbook.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubeflow Community plans to deliver its v1.9 release in Jul 2024 per this [timeline](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/releases/release-1.9/README.md#timeline). The high level deliverables are tracked in the [v1.9 Release](https://github.com/orgs/kubeflow/projects/61) Github project board. The v1.9 release process will be managed by the v1.9 [release team](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/releases/release-1.9/release-team.md) using the best practices in the [Release Handbook](https://github.com/kubeflow/community/blob/master/releases/handbook.md).
```

### Themes
* Kubernetes 1.29 support

> * CNCF Graduation

Reviewer 2: We should aim for CNCF transition finished first before this Graduation effort.

Author: Let me rephrase to "CNCF Transition" instead.

* LLM APIs
* New component: Model Registry

> * Kubeflow Pipelines and kfp-tekton merged in a single GitHub repository

Reviewer 2: This is not what we have planned and it should be discussed. Let's remove this for now.

Reviewer 2: cc @chensun @terrytangyuan

Reviewer 3: cc @rimolive @Tomcli

Author: According to our last discussion, I'll resolve this one as we made an agreement of the ktp-tekton merge

Reviewer 4: Maybe add V2 to the release statement because we are still maintaining kfp-tekton v1 in a separate repo. Just to let others know kfp-tekton is still in active maintenance mode.

> * Kubeflow Pipelines and kfp-tekton merged in a single GitHub repository

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Kubeflow Pipelines and kfp-tekton V2 merged in a single GitHub repository
```
